README.md, before:

# 👍 Rate My Stuff 👎

## ❓What is it?

    "Rate My Stuff" is a website where users can upload their "stuff" and other users can vote them. The voting system works as 5-stars system. Also, users can comment on the stuff. The OP can edit and delete their posts.

- ### ✔️ Milestone 1:

  - Create a Homepage with list of posts.
    - Post will be only titles.
  - Homepage links to create page.
  - Functional Create Button + Page.
  - Website logic works with APIs.

- ### ✔️ Milestone 2:
  - Functional Navbar with Home button only.
  - On click detailed page for individual post. (View Page)
  - The posts have images. (via URL)
  - "Edit Page" via "View Page"
  - Delete functionality
- ### ✔️ Milestone 3:
  - Rating a post out of 5
  - Showing the average point inside (next to) of the related post
- ### ✔️ Milestone 4:
  - Description of the posts
  - Comment section
- ### ✔️ Milestone 5:
  - Styling <3

# Planning DLCs:

        - ...

## Wireframe of the MVP

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/XYiCv4J.png)

## Imported Links To Follow Our Project and Resources

- Trello Board: https://trello.com/b/eVj4uAHT/project-2
- Wireframe: https://excalidraw.com/#room=f087197d0342178e15c6,0ia6kD_mm-szK57eCXQprg
- Links to API:
  - https://bootcamp-json-server-backend.adaptable.app
  - https://github.com/pomerama/json-server-backend/tree/master

# Technical Documentation:

## API Structure:

....

Commit message:

prepared readme for project submission

README.md, after:

# 👍 Rate My Stuff 👎

## ❓What is it?

    "Rate My Stuff" is a website where users can upload their "stuff" and other users can vote them. The voting system works as 5-stars system. Also, users can comment on the stuff. Users can edit and delete posts.

## How to setup
`clone repo`

`npm run install`

`npm run dev`

This project depends on the json-server backend, which is hosted on Adaptable.io
https://bootcamp-json-server-backend.adaptable.app/

The json-server backend repo: 
https://github.com/pomerama/json-server-backend/

## Deployed version
https://rate-my-stuff.netlify.app/


## Development

- ### ✔️ Milestone 1:

  - Create a Homepage with list of posts.
    - Post will be only titles.
  - Homepage links to create page.
  - Functional Create Button + Page.
  - Website logic works with APIs.

- ### ✔️ Milestone 2:
  - Functional Navbar with Home button only.
  - On click detailed page for individual post. (View Page)
  - The posts have images. (via URL)
  - "Edit Page" via "View Page"
  - Delete functionality
- ### ✔️ Milestone 3:
  - Rating a post out of 5
  - Showing the average point inside (next to) of the related post
- ### ✔️ Milestone 4:
  - Description of the posts
  - Comment section
- ### ✔️ Milestone 5:
  - Styling <3

# Future ideas:

        - User authentication
        - Access control
        - Categories
        - Tags
        

## Wireframe of the MVP

![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/XYiCv4J.png)

## Imported Links To Follow Our Project and Resources

- Trello Board: https://trello.com/b/eVj4uAHT/project-2
- Wireframe: https://excalidraw.com/#room=f087197d0342178e15c6,0ia6kD_mm-szK57eCXQprg
- Links to API:
  - https://bootcamp-json-server-backend.adaptable.app
  - https://github.com/pomerama/json-server-backend/tree/master
